# E2E Solutions List
The following E2E solutions have been reviewed and approved by a panel of professional services architects and subject matter experts. Each process has been tested and recorded. The result of each process has been validated consistently. 

### Privileged Access Workstation
The purpose of this solution is to provide an automated self service catalog for virtual desktops with native, policy driven, identity based microsegmentation embedded in the lifecycle of each deployment. This solution is ideal for high security, high regulatory environments with requirements to follow method of least privilege (example industries: government, financial, insurance, healthcare). 

In Progress

### Intelligent Workload Placement
The purpose of this solution is to provide a seamless and intelligent integration between vRealize Automation and vRealize Operations, such that workloads provisioned by a self service catalog are intelligently placed on the correct host without any manual intervention and based purely on policy. 

[Link to Internal VMWare Sharepoint: IWP v1.2](https://onevmw-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/boconnor_vmware_com/Ef-Rxk3EgPZOv13we351i1sBW2LkAoh62WjncC3yGeTvVA?e=w6LL14)

### Ephemeral Blueprinting as Code
Device agnosticism is the capacity of a computing component to work with various systems without requiring any special adaptations. The term can apply to either hardware or software. In an IT context, agnosticism refers to anything that is designed to be compatible across most common systems. The purpose of this solution is to provide a method for deploying and creating blueprints on-demand ensuring the blueprints are "compatible across most common systems". Systems include cloud providers (vSphere, VMC, AWS, GPC, etc) or automation portals (vRealize Automation, Cloud Automation Services, ServiceNow). The ultimate goal is to be able to provision an ephemeral blueprint across any platform as code. The blueprint can contain any software defined compute (VMs), software defined networks (routers, load balancers, firewalls, etc), or software defined storage (volumes, drives, etc). 

In Progress

### Blockchain as a Service
The purpose of this solution is to provide a self-service catalog item through vRealize Automation that deploys and configures a base blockchain service. 

In Progress

### IT Business as a Service
The purpose of this solution is to provide a base cost model for IT Financial Management of an on premise cloud. The cost model should incorporate the ability to apply custom allocations to a financial ledger. The purpose of the cost model is to determine the true cost of ownership for each IaaS or PaaS service. A cost model should be generated by submitting a request through the vRealize Automation self-service portal (showback). A service bill should be generated by submitting a separate request throught the vRealize Automation self-service portal (chargeback). The service bill should contain XaaS inputs for a credit card or cost center and should natively integrate to a payment processing system (such as SAP). 

In Progress

### Ephemeral vRealize Suite as Code
The purpose of this solution is to provide the capability to deploy vRealize Suite (vRA, vRO, vROPS, vRLI, vRB) through a CICD pipeline. The JSON for each configuration should be stored in github (or equivalent) and should leverage vRealize Suite Lifecycle Manager API for complete end to end deployment. This solution is ideal for lab environments, non-production, and proof of concepts where the lifespan of the suite is shorter than a live environment. Recommended: complete the `Ephemeral Blueprinting as Code` solution first so you can incorporate your blueprints into the CICD pipeline.  

In Progress
